♪ Your move ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh is king of games ♪
♪ It's time to duel ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh ♪
That breeze feels
nice... Ahh!
I guess
this virtual world
does have some good
points.
Five old creepy guys
wanna steal our bodies!
How can you talk about
good points?
Duke, chill!
Why should I?
Because!
I'm trying to help certain
people stay calm, Einstein.
Hey...
Huh?
You don't have to worry about
me being scared,
'cause you
make me feel safe!
I do?
I mean, of course!
You're always in good hands
with me!
Dude, she means both
of us.
Look man, she means me!
You've got to do something
about that breath!
Is that so?
Guys, come on,
don't fight.
We've got
to work together
to find a way out
of here!
And time's running out!
Yeah, those guys
could show up any minute.
It's only a matter of time
before we're set free
from this virtual prison!
Remember, when one of us
defeats you in a duel,
we'll claim
control of your body!
That's right, Duke!
And don't forget, there're
five of them.
So they're not only
after Kaiba, Yugi and Joey.
They may also want to
duel against us.
So what?
Yeah, there's no
way we'll lose a duel!
Not if we stick with
Tristan!
You're kidding,
right?
Don't you know that Tristan
taught my brother Joey
everything about dueling?
What?
What else did you tell
this poor girl
about yourself?
Ah, yes!
I've been
a champion duelist
ever since I could hold
up a card.
Defeating the Big Five will
be like a walk in the park!
Heh, heh, heh, heh...
Well guys, the good news
is that each of us
defeated one
member of the Freaky Five!
Three down, two to go!
The bad news is we
don't know
where they're gonna
strike next!
Or who they're gonna
Serenity, I'm coming!
Joey!
Please tell me we're not going
through that door!
Right, guys?
Well...
What if it leads back home to
the real world?
And what if it
doesn't?
Let's just turn back.
I hate to say it
but Duke may be right!
Come on, we'll never know unless
we try guys.
No, Serenity wait!
Hold on!
Oh, it's too bright
to see!
(groaning)
Looks like we're back
where we started
before the Big Five
sent us to virtual land!
But there's no sign of
the blimp in here at all.
This must be another part
of Noah's fortress.
So are we
in the real world?
I don't think so...
look!
It's some kind of a giant
robot or something!
Greetings, humans.
Allow me to introduce
myself.
In the outside world I was
known as Nesbitt,
former Vice President of New
Technology at Kaiba Corp.
But here in the virtual realm
I am known as Robotic Knight,
a creature that represents
the power of machine over
man.
As the tech expert of
the Big Five,
I designed some of Kaiba
Corp's most advanced
machinery.
And as soon as I
out-duel one of you,
I'll be able to continue my
work in the real world!
Now... ladies first!
Me?
But I don't--
I've never dueled
before!
Nesbitt, leave Serenity
out of this!
If you wanna duel someone,
duel me, you scrapheap!
(Duke)
No, fight me!
You don't know what you're
getting yourself into, Tristan.
This is not the time to be
showing off, man.
Like you're some
kind of dueling expert?
(Duke)
I've dueled more times
than you!
I have challenged
the female to a duel.
We shall begin our battle
immediately!
Not quite.
I said you're dueling
me!
I can't let either of these
two duel alone.
I'm the most experienced
duelist here
and I'm the only one
with a chance
of beating
this walking tin can.
Besides, if he wins, he gets to
escape to the real world
in one of our bodies.
As much as I'd like to see
Tristan squirm,
the stakes
are too high!
Hey, I got a great idea.
Me and Tristan here will
both take you on.
Beat us and you'll get two
bodies for the price of one.
Negative.
But you have given me
an idea.
The duel shall
be three, against one!
You're kidding!
No.
For when I defeat you we'll
gain control
of all of your bodies,
leaving your three minds
trapped here forever!
When this duel is over,
I'll have proven once
and for all
that machines are more
powerful than people!
In his dreams.
Let's do this!
I intend to pull the plug
on all three of you.
So let us begin this duel!
Look, man!
It's gonna be two
on one!
No, Tristan.
It's gonna be three
on one
'cause we're
all in this together!
But Serenity!
Don't worry about
me!
I'll
follow your lead.
That's what I'm scared of.
Look, you don't have to
do this, Serenity!
Correction...
I'd say she does!
Observe!
Everyone wearing a duel disk
must participate!
Cool!
Serenity, just think this
over for a bit... please!
I told you, I'll just do
exactly what you do!
Yeah, about that...
It's kinda been a while since
I've dueled.
It's time to build you
decks for the duel.
Simply touch
the cards you desire.
What should I choose,
huh?
First of all, trust your
instincts Serenity.
And make sure you
pick a nice variety of cards.
You'll need magic, trap
and monster cards
for your deck!
Uhh...
This...
and this...
And...
Oh, that one!
Well, here goes.
Gotcha...!
Now its time to choose a monster
to act as your Deck Master!
All right, my deckmaster
is gonna be
Strike Ninja!
I pick...
uh, Goddess
With The Third Eye!
I choose Super Roboyarou!
And I'll be acting as my own
Deck Master,
Robotic Knight!
And just to make this duel
more interesting,
we'll be battling above
a sea of radioactive waste.
Play by the rules and you
won't fall in.
There's one regulation
in particular
I'll be strictly enforcing.
Under no circumstances are
any of you to discuss
your strategy
with one another.
Break this rule and you'll
plummet into
the toxic abyss below!
Tristan, wait!
How can I duel without
your advice?
You can do this!
Just believe in yourself!
The female shall begin
this battle.
Engage!
Whatever you say.
Here goes!
Let's see.
Which card should I play?
Ahh, that's the one!
Now I'm going to summon
Shadow Tamer,
in attack mode!
Wait!
In attack mode?
Oh, I didn't mess up
already, did I?
That monster is too weak
to play in attack mode!
I'm terrible!
Sorry.
Nah, you did just fine.
Really!
You're a natural!
Yeah, a natural disaster.
I'll end my turn now.
All right, Nesbitt!
My move!
I've gotta lead this metal
meathead away
from Serenity's monster!
So now I'll
play Cyber Commander!
Come and get me punk!
Tristan played a weaker
monster than Serenity
so Nesbitt will
attack him instead!
I guess it's up to
me now!
Let's see.
Come on, Duke.
Use your head for once!
Just play a lame monster so
Robo-Geek will attack you
instead of blasting poor
Serenity!
I summon
The 13th Grave now!
In defense mode!
Way to look out for your
teammates, Duke!
I'll stop here.
It's time for me to
accelerate into high gear,
with this!
Giga-Tech Wolf!
Attack the female's
Shadow Tamer!
Oh, no!
He went after Serenity's
monster!
Serenity!
It appears
the machines are ahead.
Are you okay?
And the humans are down.
(screaming)
You hear that?
That was Serenity screaming
just now, I know it!
We're gonna find
her, Joey!
I hope so!
Hello?
Serenity!
We're living in an age where
machines rule!
And now your little girl
friend is paying the price!
I'm fine.
Serenity, are you sure?
Yeah.
This is just bad.
We're no
match for this guy
and the stakes are
too high!
Poor Serenity.
I can't let metal head over here
get the best of her.
It's time for you to feel my
iron fist again!
Oh, no!
Even the three of you
combined can't take me down.
Now observe my Deck Master
Special Ability:
Final Artillery!
Each machine monster I
discard will inflict
500 life points
of damage to you!
(screaming)
Uh!
Uhhh!!!
Serenity!
That's enough
torment for now.
So I'll place this card face
down and end my turn.
Serenity's not looking
too good.
No, I'm okay guys,
I promise!
Okay.
I think I should put this
in defense mode.
Right?
Yeah!
Now you're getting the
hang of it!
Good!
I summon The Forgiving Maiden
in defense mode!
Aw, man, she put it in
attack mode!
Serenity!
You put your card on the duel
disk the wrong way!
If you want your
monster in defense mode,
you have to place it sideways
on the duel disk!
Oh.
Silence humans!
No discussing moves!
Let her take that turn
over, dude!
Negative, young man.
No second chances.
I'm so sorry.
I know she's trying
her best,
but we can't
afford any more mess ups!
I need a plan to
fix this!
It's my move!
A Block Attack magic card!
Sweet!
Now I can switch the mode of
Serenity's monster!
Now I activate Block Attack!
Nice effort...
But it's time to reveal my
facedown card:
Riryoku Field.
It destroys any magic card
that's used on a monster!
Yeah, I can see that.
Okay, now what?
Ah, this desert
never ends!
Look, isn't that Nesbitt's
old research lab?
I always
hated that place.
Look Nesbitt.
Now that
I'm in charge,
this company's
heading in a new direction.
And that's why I'm shutting
down your lab.
No, Mr. Kaiba!
Please reconsider!
What about all the military
technology I've created?
No, no!
I won't let you destroy
my lab!
Watch what you say,
Nesbitt.
It's my lab.
(exploding)
I had no choice but to tear
down that sweat shop!
His battle machines
were useless
in the new Kaiba Corp.
And sometimes starting over
means erasing the past!
You can't lead
me around your world
like a puppet forever,
Noah!
In my world I can do whatever
I want
and besides I'm having too much
fun toying with your head
to stop now!
Seto...
if you think this is bad,
just wait until you see what I
have in store for you next!
Okay...
If I want to do some damage,
I gotta play smart!
Come on, Duke!
Don't leave Serenity out in
the open again!
Protect her!
I play Yaranzo!
Come on, Yaranzo?
That thing's never gonna help
us dude!
Then I'll finish things off by
placing one card face down.
Very well.
I shall sacrifice
my Giga-Tech Wolf
in order to
summon Machine King!
And thank to its special
ability
Machine King receives
another 100 attack points
for every machine-monster
in play!
That includes your
Cyber Commander Tristan,
so thanks for the power boost
you fool!
And now its time
to put them to use!
Machine King...
attack the female's Forgiving
Maiden!
No!
Cyber Commander!
Go!
Don't be a fool Tristan!
I gotta save her!
Ahh!
No, Tristan!
I could have protected her
without losing points,
you showoff!
Hey, just back off!
You're no help!
We have to play
smart or we'll all lose!
Now I activate Card of
Sanctity!
Requiring all of us to draw
from our decks.
Don't stop until you
have six cards in your hand!
Think of it as recharging
your batteries
to refresh the game!
You done?
Yeah, can we go now?
Not yet.
Next I'll dispose
of three machine monsters
to activate my Deck Master
Special Ability:
Final Artillery!
(screaming)
Say goodbye to 500 more life
points each!
Soon you'll
all be obsolete!
Now I'll place this face
down and end my turn.
Now I'm ready.
Here goes...
I play...
Lady Panther
in defense mode!
Then I'll switch
the Forgiving Maiden
from attack to defense
mode!
You go girl...
All right!
Now I summon Command Angel to
the field in defense mode!
We're on a roll now!
I summon forth my Dark Assailant
in defense mode!
Looks like you've lined up
your monsters for me
to knock down one by one,
as I move closer to
disassembling you three.
All right,
you rust bucket!
You'll never get past our army
of defensive monsters,
and I dare you to
attack us directly again!
Quit flapping your lips!
We don't need to give him
any ideas!
Don't worry, Tristan..
he doesn't have enough
cards left
to activate his
Deck Master ability again,
so our life points
are safe.
Almost correct...
but you've forgotten about
my trap card!
No!
Uh...
Ah!
I activate Backup Soldier.
Oh no, what's that?
Since I have more than five
monsters in my graveyard,
this trap card allows me to
bring three of them
back to my hand!
So it looks like I'll be
able to activate
my Deck Master
Ability after all.
Now I'll take the three
monsters I've just received
and deposit them back
to the graveyard!
Thus activating
my special ability:
Final Artillery!
Show some originality and do
something new for once!
Why change a good thing?
Attack!
Reliability is the key to
a good invention!
He's too strong!
Affirmative...
but you've only seen
a small sample
of my overall strength!
What you're about to
experience
will blow your circuits!
Meet Clockwork Night!
This magic card has
the power to transform
all of your monsters
into machines!
Say what?
No way, man!
And in addition to turning
your creatures into metal,
they'll each
lose 500 attack points!
And don't forget...
My Machine King gets
an additional 100 points
for every machine monster
in play...
and I count six.
Finally, Clockwork Night
gives my Machine King
500 extra points!
Nesbitt can't
be stopped now!
Chill out, Tristan.
Everything's under control.
Our monsters are in defense
mode, remember?
If we keep cool, that
pile of scrap can't hurt us.
You must grow tired of being
wrong all the time.
Engage Short Circuit!
You see, unlike humans,
machines follow commands!
Hey, what gives?
I'm afraid to find out!
If you haven't already
figured it out,
this magic card gives
me the power
to change all of
your monsters from defense
to attack mode!
So once again, your
life points are in danger!
Man, I hate this guy!
He never lost control of this
match for a second!
Now witness the triumph of
machine over man...
or should I say female!
Machine King, prepare
to attack
her Forgiving Maiden now!
(Tristan)
Serenity-- No!
She'll lose the duel!
There's gotta be something
I can do to save her, but what?
I got it!
I can use my Deck Master to
intercept his attack!
Go!
Super Roboyarou!
No, Tristan!
If your Deck Master's destroyed
you lose!
My monster's special ability
allows me
to play this card face down!
Then its
attack points go up!
Not by enough, you fool!
Your monster has sadly become
last year's model!
(exploding)
When the Deck Master is
destroyed so is the duelist!
I'm aware of that, you
oversized trash can.
Okay, no more lies.
I'm not
the duelist you think I am.
I didn't teach Joey
how to play.
I hardly know
the basics of Duel Monsters.
And you...
You better take care
of her!
You've lost the duel,
so it's time for you to go...
down there!
Oh no, Tristan!
(screaming)
Please come back!
No!
Where'd he go?
You said we'd only fall
if we cheated!
Relax.
His mind has been digitized
and his body is in
a holding area
waiting to be taken over!
And you'll both join him
soon enough!